docs/import-api-definition.md, before:

# Import API definition to 3scale

Using an API definition format like OpenAPI / Swagger or RAML you can automate some setups and save a lot of time in configuration.

When you import an API defintion, the following actions will be performed in the background:

1. Create a new service (unless you specify one)
2. Create methods in the 'Definition' section
3. Attach newly created methods to the 'Hits' metric
4. Create mapping rules and show them under **API > Integration**

*Note*: At the moment, to update a definition you would have to delete the existing one and re-import. We're working on the updating functionality, stay tuned!

## To an existing service

Run this command to update an existing service in your [3scale](http://3scale.net) account and create methods for each endpoint.

`3scale-cli import <spec_type> -f /path/to/apidefinition -s SERVICE_ID`

*spec_type* could be `swagger` or `raml`

*SERVICE_ID* can be found in your 3scale dashboard.
![where to find SERVICE_ID on 3scale](https://www.evernote.com/l/ACW0h8yHfplHi4r-WivB0e0FT5X-6mgutmgB/image.png)

Or you can also get all of your services and ids running this command:
`3scale-cli services list`

## To a new service

If you don't specify a service id, when you import an API definition a new service will be automatically created. 

`3scale-cli import <spec_type> -f /path/to/swagger.json`

*Note*: Creating a new service is only available for *Pro* and *Entreprise* customers.

## Using a pattern for method names

By default, methods will be named using the HTTP method verb and the path to the endpoint.

Examples of autogenerated method names:

`GET_/pets`
`GET_/pets/{id}`

You can customize the method names using `-p, --pattern <pattern_type>` to indicate a pattern for method names. 

You can use `{path}` and `{method}` variables in the pattern for example -p {method}_{path} will give method with names like GET_/pets

Commit message:

add options to skip interactive questions

docs/import-api-definition.md, after:

# Import API definition to 3scale

Using an API definition format like OpenAPI / Swagger or RAML you can automate some setups and save a lot of time in configuration.

When you import an API defintion, the following actions will be performed in the background:

1. Create a new service (unless you specify one)
2. Create methods in the 'Definition' section
3. Attach newly created methods to the 'Hits' metric
4. Create mapping rules and show them under **API > Integration**

*Note*: At the moment, to update a definition you would have to delete the existing one and re-import. We're working on the updating functionality, stay tuned!

## To an existing service

Run this command to update an existing service in your [3scale](http://3scale.net) account and create methods for each endpoint.

`3scale-cli import <spec_type> -f /path/to/apidefinition -s SERVICE_ID`

*spec_type* could be `swagger` or `raml`

*SERVICE_ID* can be found in your 3scale dashboard.
![where to find SERVICE_ID on 3scale](https://www.evernote.com/l/ACW0h8yHfplHi4r-WivB0e0FT5X-6mgutmgB/image.png)

Or you can also get all of your services and ids running this command:
`3scale-cli services list`

## To a new service

If you don't specify a service id, when you import an API definition a new service will be automatically created.

`3scale-cli import <spec_type> -f /path/to/swagger.json`

*Note*: Creating a new service is only available for *Pro* and *Entreprise* customers.

## Using a pattern for method names

By default, methods will be named using the HTTP method verb and the path to the endpoint.

Examples of autogenerated method names:

`GET_/pets`
`GET_/pets/{id}`

You can customize the method names using `-p, --pattern <pattern_type>` to indicate a pattern for method names.

You can use `{path}` and `{method}` variables in the pattern for example -p {method}_{path} will give method with names like GET_/pets

# Skip interactive questions

We have added interactive questions to guide user during the import process but some users might be interested in a fully CLI experience instead.

You can add the `-m` parameters to import all the methods in the spec file, and skip the interactive selection.
Service_id also has to be defined.

Example:

`3scale-cli import <spec_type> -f /path/to/swagger.json -m true -s <service_id>`
